HAProxy TLS Termination (#24)
canonical/maas-anvil: README.md

    --accept-defaults
```

#### TLS Termination at HA Proxy

> While deploying HA Proxy, MAAS Anvil will ask you for filepaths pointing to an SSL certificate and private key. If passed, HA Proxy will be configured to use the given certificate and key for TLS termination. To skip TLS configuration, enter nothing when prompted for the certificate and key files.

Author: updated

Note: You will be asked for a `virtual_ip` during installation of the HAProxy charm, if `accept-defaults` is omitted.
Pass an empty value to disable it, or any valid IP to enable; the Keepalived charm will be installed to enable connecting to HA MAAS using the VIP.

#### TLS Termination at HA Proxy

> While deploying HA Proxy, MAAS Anvil will ask you for filepaths pointing to an SSL certificate and private key. If passed, HA Proxy will be configured to use the given certificate and key for TLS termination. To skip TLS configuration, enter nothing when prompted for the certificate and key files (this is the behavior if `--accept-defaults` is passed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

While deploying HAProxy, MAAS Anvil will ask you for filepaths pointing to an SSL certificate and private key. If passed, HAProxy will be configured to use the given certificate and key for TLS termination. To skip TLS configuration, enter nothing when prompted for the certificate and key files (this is the behavior if `--accept-defaults` is passed).
```
